# Week of 2/10/2025 - 2/16/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/02/10/09:35** 

## Meeting End Time

**2025/02/10/010:30** 

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams Meeting 

## Present

Ethan, William, Devlin, Shaun, Angeles 

## Minute Recorder

Angeles

## Topics Discussed

We discussed what we should be working on including modularity, testing, and researching new features and libraries and apis we can use for this iteration. 

## Things Clarified

Distributed tasks 

Angeles & Devlin 
* Work on looking at carfax website 
* Will compile a list of features on carfac website and a new feature we might add to app 

Ethan & Shaun 
* Looking at mapping libraries/ apis we can use for our app 
* Found react native map package & will create prototype by next meeting 

William 
* Refactor for firebase modularity 
* Says he will get it done by our next meeting
