# Client Meeting on 02/03/2025

## Meeting Start Time

02/02/2025/18:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/12/03/18:30

## Location/Medium

In person @ RB353

## Present

William, Angeles, Ethan, Shaun, Devlin, Kazem (client)

## Minute Recorder

Angeles

## Topics Discussed

Discussed our 3nd iteration developments, which included our backend refactor and the addition of ui elements like the navigation bar. We also discussed 4rd iteration features, which include an admin page, google sign in, and a map functionality. 

## Things Clarified

**client confirmed software is helpful**
* we clarified our planned 4rd iteration features with client
* client mentioned things they wanted including
  * enhanced ui
  * map to find properties. 

## Client Use of the Product 
* How long did the client use the software
  * The project's codebase was observed on our computer, and we showed our client the Firebase console and the frontend repo and talked him though the changes we made. The client observed this for the duration of the meeting and left for an apointment he had.
* What features did they test in your software?
  * Client was curious on Firebase, so we discussed in detail what Firebase was and we showed him the Firebase Firestore collections and the Cloud storage that is used to store documents.
* How long did they use your software?
  * We demonstrated to our client after we talked about updates from him and his technical advisor, not too long after had to leave for a meeting. 
* How was their reaction to the software
  * The client seemed satisfied and did not raise any questions on our software.
* Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
  * The team and client seemed satisfied with current progress.
* Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
  * We had trouble getting the app to load.  
