# Client Meeting on 03/19/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/03/19/19:00

## Meeting End Time

2025/03/19/19:45

## Location/Medium

In person @ RB353

## Present

William, Angeles, Ethan, Shaun, Devlin, Kazem (client)

## Minute Recorder

William

## Topics Discussed

What's new in iteration 4, feedback from hands-on demo for iteration 5.

## Things Clarified

* He said it is good enough that he wants an apk of it to demo to customers. **He said he was "amazed" after his hands-on demo.**
* Feedback of note included:
  * UI improvements for the Property, Project, and Document pages (just show the respective projects and documents instead of having to tap through things to get to them. Have sorting filters instead).
  * He mentioned wanting an autofill/verification system for inputting addresses when adding properties to ensure invalid/nonexistant addresses aren't input.
  * Wants new cost, contractor, and start date attributes for projects.
  * Wants pictures to be stored as part of documents as well, including the addition of categories (receipts, invoices, pictures).
  * He really liked the map feature, but wants to see it expanded to show neighboring properties that also use the app/are in the database.
  * While lower priority, he also mentioned wanting an admin page for metrics, user management, and support.
  * A settings page for profile management and signing out was also discussed.

## Client use of project

The first 15-20 minutes of the meeting was spent watching the client use the software and noting down any feedback he had during. The rest was spent discussing iteration 5 plans and prioritization of features and changes.
  
