# Mentor Meeting on 03/15/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/03/15/17:30

## Meeting End Time

2025/03/15/17:48 

## Location/Medium

Discord video call.

## Present

William, Ethan, Devlin, Shaun, Noah, Angeles

## Minute Recorder

William

## Topics Discussed

Iteration 4 progress, mainly the modularity changes and the scope of the new feature and new tests.

## Things Clarified

Noah liked what we had so far (modularity changes) and thought the rest of the plans for iteration 4 were good, that being the map feature and testing. He said that as long as we can get those two done we'll be in for a successful iteration.
